TestingXperts Pvt Ltd TESTINGXPERTS PVT LTD Fin al SAST and DAST  Security Testing Report Proprietary Statement \(This document contains information from  TestingXperts  that is highly confidential and privileged. The information is  intended for the personal use of  TestingXperts TestingXperts /202 TestingXperts Pvt Ltd Document Details: Company TestingXperts Document T itle talyst  Final SAST and DAST test R port Submission Date April 202 Classification Highly Confidential Document Type Report Document History:  Version Date Author\(s\ Comments Apr Security Team Final SAST and DAST Report 2.0 Prasanth , Shrey Final SAST and DAST  Retest Report TestingXperts Pvt Ltd Contents 1. Executive Summary 1.1 Test Timeline 1.2 Approach 1.3 Activities 1.4 Summary of Findings 2. Vulnerabilities Description 2.1 Weak Password Requirements 2.2  Encryption Not Enforced 2.3  No Account Lockout 2.4  Account Enumeration 2.5  Use of Hard coded Credentials 2.6  2.7  Lack of Post Quantum Cryptography \(PQC\ Support 2.8 Insecure Content Security Policy \(CSP\ 2.9 Unrestricted Cross Origin Resource Sharing \(CORS\ 3. TestingXperts Methodology 4. Conclusion TestingXperts Pvt Ltd Executive Summary and Dynamic Application Security Testing assessment against their application Tx_Ca The objective of the test was to meet information security  standards like OWASP and NIST and to simulate real world attack scenarios and aims to exploit vulnerabilities, identify design flaws, leverage combination of lower impact flaws into higher  impact vulnerabilities, and determine if identified flaws affect the confidentiality, integrity, or  availability of the application. Following target URL were in scope:  http://192.168.3.90:3002 https://irsyepgmxsjwgpnzowvn.supabase.co/auth/v1/token?grant_type=password As part of this Testing, we tried to capture the business logic flow of the application, list down  the potential threats to the application, and prepare this Security test report. Our Approach was to meet Information Security Industry standards like OWASP Top 10, and NIST. 80%  85% attacks in the real world are based on these techniques. Additionally, we make an  effort to perform attacks relevant to business logic. During this engagement, we primarily focused on  Authentication and Authorization mechanism,  Session Management, Input Validation, Security Misconfiguration, Cryptography, Business  Logic bypasses, Server and Client side attacks, etc. 1.1 Test Timeline Security testing on web application was performed during VAPT engagement on 28 Apr 2026 Retesting of the web application was performed on  Apr 2026. TestingXperts Pvt Ltd 1.2 Approach 1.3 Activities The following set of security testing activities are performed by the team: Understanding of the Source Code and Dependencies used for the platform. Understanding of the applications, security requirements, security assets Understanding of user roles, access levels, authentications and Business Logic. Vulnerability Scanning and Penetration Testing as per OWASP 10 and OSSTMM standards  source tools and Burp  Suite Pro\ Determine possible extent access or impact to the system by attempting to exploit vulnerabilities Provide tactical recommendations to address security issues of immediate consequence. Provide strategic recommendations to enhance security by leveraging industry best  practice 1.4 Summary of Findings   TestingXperts Security Team discovered  vulnerabilities during the course of SAST and DAST  analysis . The report classifies each vulnerability in appropriate categories, and we have suggested  mitigation strategy for them. Going ahead, TestingXperts Security Team recommends: Activities Application Understanding, Information Gathering and Identifying Application Entry Points Understanding of the Source Code and Dependencies Vulnerability Scanning and Manual Verification Manual Penetration Testing as per OWASP and NIST Methodologies Vulnerability Analysis Removal of False Positive Report Preparation TestingXperts Pvt Ltd Address and remediate the vulnerabilities identified through SAST in accordance with  secure coding best practices across the development lifecycle. Fixing of reported vulnerabilities. Follow the Iterative Secure SDLC process, this includes complete security regression test  with any new component that is added. Vulnerabilities By Severity The following vulnerabilities were identified during the engagement:  Sr. No. Vulnerability Name Severity CVSS Score Weak Password Requirements High Encryption Not Enforced Medium 6.5 No Account Lockout Medium 5.3 Account Enumeration Medium 5.3 Use of Hard coded Credentials Low Low 3.1 Lack of Post Quantum Cryptography \(PQC\  Support Informational 0.0 Insecure Content Security Policy \(CSP\ Informational 0.0 Unrestricted Cross Origin Res ource Sharing  \(CORS\ Informational 0.0 TestingXperts Pvt Ltd Tabular Summary Total Number of Vulnerabilities Critical Severity Vulnerabilities High Severity Vulnerabilities Medium Severity Vulnerabilities Low Vulnerabilities Informational Vulnerabilities TestingXperts Pvt Ltd Classification of Vulnerabilities As pie chart indicates that 11% vulnerabilities are identified as High, 34% vulnerabilities are  identified as Medium ,22% as Low and 33% vulnerabilities are acknowledged as Informational. TestingXperts Pvt Ltd 2. Vulnerabilities Description High Severity Vulnerabilities Weak Password Requirements Vulnerability Information: The application allows passwords which are considered to be weak by NIST guidelines. Exploit Description: Attackers who have a list of valid usernames will often try to use dictionary style attacks to force  entry into the system. The weaker the password, the higher the probability of a successful attack. Severity Description: Access to the system with the permissions/access privileges of the compromised account. Vulnerability Severity: Risk  High Impact  High Exploitability  High CVSS Score CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I: 8.2 High Category: Authentication Instance: https://irsyepgmxsjwgpnzowvn.supabase.co/auth/v1/token?grant_type=password Proof Concept: Provided is the request/response from the Burp Suite tool, which shows that the application  accepts weak passwords. Vulnerable Request/Response: Request POST /auth/v1/signup HTTP/2 Host:  irsyepgmxsjwgpnzowvn.supabase.co Content Length: 266 Sec Platform: "Windows" Authorization: Bearer eyJhb Supabase Api Version: 2024 Accept Language: en US,en;q=0.9 Sec Ua: "Not A.Brand";v="24", "Chromium";v="146" TestingXperts Pvt Ltd Sec Mobile: ?0 Client Info: supabase ssr/0.9.0 createBrowserClient User Agent: Mozilla/5.0 \(Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64\ AppleWebKit/537.36  \(KHTML, like Gecko\ Chrome/146.0.0.0 Safari/537.36 Content Type: application/json;charset=UTF Apikey:  eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpc3MiOiJzdXBhYmFzZSIsInJlZiI6Imlyc 3llcGdteHNqd2dwbnpvd3ZuIiwicm9sZSI6ImFub24iLCJpYXQiOjE3NzczOTIyMzYsImV4cCI 6MjA5Mjk2ODIzNn0.2oxaTGacG1bsh8YjVZnVKoP EfpGojEQltUXsFluRdc Accept: */* Origin:  http://192.168.3.90:3002 {"email":" Demo@yopmail.com ","password":" 123456 ","data":{"full_name":"Demo" },"gotrue_meta_security":{},"code_challenge":"ed600f97de279d21660bc2b41363 72bfae4228a59df0be2c75322ad70dbd8440eb8ca8d9cd04f0bb64ca48fb1d55911495e3bf e76e692164","code_challenge_method":"plain"} Response: HTTP/2 200 OK Date: Thu, 30 Apr 2026 09:01:26 GMT Content Type: application/json Ray: 9f455c9e59a3a6f5 DEL Cache Status: DYNAMIC Access Control Allow Origin: http://192.168.3.90:3002 Server: cloudflare Strict Transport Security: max age=31536000; includeSubDomains; preload Vary: Origin, Accept Encoding Remediation: Authentication mechanisms should always require strong passwords. NIST guidelines  recommend against using complexity rules, and instead rely on password length and checks  against common password lists to ensure that users choose strong passwords.  Consider the following when creating a password policy:  Minimum of 8 characters. Disallow passwords that match commonly used / leaked passwords, and words relating  to the application or company. Allow passwords up to at least 64 characters, so that users can create secure passphrases. Allow all printable ASCII characters, including spaces, and unicode characters in  passwords. See also:  https://pages.nist.gov/800 3/sp800 63b.html TestingXperts Pvt Ltd Medium Severity Vulnerabilities Encryption Not Enforced Vulnerability Information: During the application test, it was detected that the site uses an encrypted connection to protect  sensitive information. However, it was possible to receive these resources using HTTP, which  means that sensitive information may be sent unencrypted to the  server and/or back to the user. Exploit Description: An attacker attempting to monitor or manipulate transmitted data would seek to actively reroute  data traffic or passively observe clear text communications. A number of techniques could be  employed to accomplish this including ARP spoofing, DNS spoofing, r oute manipulation, and  switch monitoring. The ease of exploit is generally related to the proximity of the attacker to the  victim. Severity Description: All application data including user credentials could be manipulated and observed by an attacker.  User credentials are often reused across disparate systems which extends the reach of the  compromise. The confidentiality and integrity of application data co uld be undermined. Vulnerability Severity: Risk  Medium Impact  Medium Exploitability  Low CVSS Score CVSS v3 Vector:  AV:N/AC: /PR: /UI:N/S:U/C: /I:L/A: 6.5 \(Medium\ Category: Configuration Instance: http://192.168.3.90:3002/ Proof Concept: Provided  the  screenshot which demonstrate that the application  does not enforce encryption TestingXperts Pvt Ltd Screenshot: Remediation: Applications should use transport level encryption \(SSL/TLS o protect all communications  passing between the client and the server. The Strict Transport Security HTTP header should be  used to ensure that clients refuse to access the server over an insecu re connection. No Acc ount Lockout Vulnerability Information: The application does not keep count of the number of failed logins attempts for an account  therefore allowing for the possibility that an attacker can repeatedly guess a user's password in  an attempt to bruteforce access to an individual user's account. Th is attack can be easily  automated by a malicious user or malware. Exploit Description: Without an account lockout, an attacker can continue to guess a user's password until it is  found, and the account is compromised. TestingXperts Pvt Ltd Severity Description: A scripted attack could result in discovery of the authenticated users password in addition to  changing his/her password and effectively locking them out of the application while granting the  attacker access to the application. Vulnerability Severity: Risk  Medium Impact  Medium Exploitability  High CVSS Score CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC: /PR:N/UI: /S:U/C: /I: /A:N 5.3 \(Medium\ Category: Authentication Instance: https://irsyepgmxsjwgpnzowvn.supabase.co/auth/v1/signup Proof Concept: Provided is the screenshot from Burp Suite Intruder, which demonstrates that even after 100  incorrect attempts, the application continues to accept password attempts on the 101st  attempt, indicating the absence of an effective account lockout mechanism. creenshot: TestingXperts Pvt Ltd Remediation: Track the number of failed log in attempts for a user and mark the account as locked when the  number of consecutive unsuccessful login attempts reaches a reasonable threshold \(typically 3  to 5 failed attempts in a row\ Require a user to go through the for gotten password process to  remove the lock on their account. Account Enumeration Vulnerability Information: The application returns different responses to the user depending on whether the username or  email address provided in the request is valid or invalid. Exploit Description: When submitting a valid username & invalid password combination 'X' amount of times, the  server responds back with a message indicating the account has been locked out: \(See exhibits\  When entering and submitting an invalid username & password combination  the same number  of attempts no account lockout message is returned. The difference in responses allows an  attacker to determine legitimate accounts on the application. Severity Description: Using automated attacks, exploitation may result in the unintentional yielding of valid account  names or login ID's that exist within the application. These ID's may then be used  additional attacks such as spamming, phishing, DoS, Bruteforce Logins etc. The effort is  moderate because of the time required to brute for the desired information or even to use  large black market lists against the system to harvest valid account logins. The attack can be  detected due to the repeated nature of the attack. Vulnerability Severity: Risk  Medium Impact  Medium Exploitability  High CVSS Score CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC: /PR:N/UI: /S:U/C: /I: /A:N 5.3 \(Medium\ Category: Data E xposu http://192.168.3.90:3002/login TestingXperts Pvt Ltd Proof Concept: Provided is the screenshot that demonstrates that username or account enumeration is  possible on the login page. Screenshot: Remediation: The application should avoid disclosing whether a user account already exists during the  or all registration  attempts, regardless of whether the email is already in use. Additionally, the application should implement rate limiting and CAPTCHA controls to prevent  automated enumeration attacks. Proper validation and secure handling of user input must be  maintained to ensure no sensitive information is exposed through responses. Optionally, after successful registration, the application may securely authenticate and redirect  the user to the dashboard, ensuring session management is handled in a secure manner. TestingXperts Pvt Ltd Low Severity Vulnerabilities Use of Hard coded Credentials Vulnerability Information: Identification and Authentication Failures often occur when sensitive information is embedded  directly into the application's source code. During the security assessment, it was observed that  credentials \(such as passwords or authentication keys\ are hard coded in plain text within the  codebase rather than being managed through secure, externalized configurations. Exploit Description: Since strings can be easily extracted from application source code or binaries, an attacker with  access to the codebase can identify and retrieve these credentials. Hard coding sensitive  information is particularly risky for applications that are widely di stributed or open source. Once  these credentials are recovered, they can be used to gain unauthorized access to sensitive  components, including databases, file storage, APIs, or other internal services. Severity Description: The presence of hard coded credentials poses a significant risk as it simplifies the process for an  intruder to compromise the system. Unlike dynamic credentials, these cannot be easily rotated  without a code change and deployment. If these credentials pro vide access to production  databases or employee lists, the impact on data confidentiality is substantial. Vulnerability Severity: Risk  Low Impact  High Exploitability  High CVSS Score CVSS v3 Vector:  AV:N/AC: /PR: UI: /S:U/C:L/I: /A: Low Category: Cryptography Instance: backend/scripts/import_employees.py Proof Concept: Provided is the screenshot of the SAST analysis tool which demonstrates that credentials are  hardcoded in the application. TestingXperts Pvt Ltd Screenshot: Remediation: Sensitive credentials should not be hardcoded in the source code. Instead, they must be  securely stored outside the codebase, such as in configuration files that are excluded from  version control Credentials should be managed using secure storage mechanisms such as encrypted  databases or dedicated secret management solutions. It is recommended to leverage cloud based secret management services \(e.g., AWS  Secrets Manager, Azure Key Vault, Google Secret Manager o ensure secure storage,  access control, and rotation of secrets. In case credentials have been exposed within the source code or repository, they must  be immediately revoked and rotated, and any affected systems should be reviewed for  potential misuse. Missing Cookie ulnerability Information: The application sets cookies without enforcing appropriate security attributes such as  Secure HttpOnly , and  SameSite . The absence of these attributes increases the risk of cookies being  accessed via client side scripts, transmitted over unencrypted channels, or included in cross site  requests. Exploit Description: An attacker may exploit missing cookie attributes by intercepting or manipulating cookies during  transmission or execution within the browser. Without the  Secure flag, cookies can be  transmitted over unencrypted HTTP connections, making them susceptible to interception via  man the middle attacks. In the absence of the  HttpOnly attribute, cookies can be accessed  TestingXperts Pvt Ltd through client side scripts, enabling attackers to steal session identifiers through cross site  scripting attacks. Additionally, without the  SameSite attribute, cookies may be included in cross origin requests, increasing the risk of cross site request forgery attacks. Severity Description: Exploitation of missing cookie security attributes may result in unauthorized access to user  sessions, leakage of sensitive information, and potential account compromise. Attackers may  leverage these weaknesses to hijack authenticated sessions or perform a ctions on behalf of  legitimate users. Vulnerability Severity: Risk  Low Impact  Low Exploitability  Low CVSS Score CVSS v3 Vector:  AV:N/AC: /PR: UI: /S:U/C:L/I: /A: 3.1 Low Category: Session Management Instance: http://192.168.3.90:3002/ Proof Concept: Provided  screenshot  which demonstrate that the application  s missing cookies attributes Screenshot: TestingXperts Pvt Ltd Remediation: Ensure that all sensitive cookies are configured with the appropriate security attributes as outlined in industry best practices. This includes: Setting the  Secure flag to ensure cookies are only transmitted over HTTPS connections.  Setting the  HttpOnly flag to prevent client side scripts from accessing cookie values.  Implementing the  SameSite attribute \(e.g., Strict or Lax\ to mitigate cross site request  forgery risks. Informational Vulnerabilities Lack of Post Quantum Cryptography \(PQC\upport Vulnerability Information: The application does not fully support modern Post Quantum Cryptography \(PQCithms as  recommended by NIST, which may pose a risk against future quantum computing attacks.  Current implementation primarily relies on classical cryptographic algorithms \( e.g., RSA/ECDSA\ Exploit Description: An attacker with the capability to capture encrypted traffic today may store it and decrypt it in  the future once quantum computing becomes viable, due to the absence of strong PQC  mechanisms. Severity Description: This could result in long term exposure of sensitive information such as authentication tokens,  session data, and confidential communications. Vulnerability Severity: Informational Category: Cryptography Instance: http://192.168.3.90:3002/ Proof Concept: Provided are the outputs from the Post Quantum Cryptography detection tool, which  demonstrate that the application is not fully quantum ready and lacks support for multiple NIST recommended PQC algorithms. TestingXperts Pvt Ltd Screenshot Remediation: Implement NIST approved Post Quantum Cryptographic algorithms such as: KEM \(Key Exchange\ DSA / SLH DSA / FN DSA \(Digital Signatures\ Adopt hybrid cryptographic models combining classical + PQC algorithms. Ensure TLS configurations support PQC enabled cipher suites. Continuously monitor NIST PQC standardization updates and upgrade cryptographic  implementations accordingly. 2.8  Insecure Content Security Policy \(CSP\ Vulnerability Information: The Content Security Policy \(CSP\set by the application contained policy configurations which  potentially open the application to a number of attacks. Exploit Description: The exploitability of this flaw depends on whether an attacker can inject JavaScript into the  application, or whether any allowed script sources can be abused to host potentially malicious  files. TestingXperts Pvt Ltd Severity Description: If an attacker is able to take advantage of the CSP misconfigurations, they may be able to bypass  it and run malicious JavaScript, which could lead to partial compromise of confidentiality and  integrity. Vulnerability Severity: Informational Category: Configuration Instance: http://192.168.3.90:3002/notifications Proof Concept: rovided  are the  request response  which  demonstrate the use of insecure Content Security  Policy \(CSP\directives, including 'unsafe eval' within script src and 'unsafe inline' within style src, indicating a weak CSP configuration. Vulnerable Request/Response: Request:  GET /api/notifications/count HTTP/1.1 Host:  192.168.3.90:8005 Authorization: Bearer eyJhbGciOi [Re Accept Language: en US,en;q=0.9 User Agent: Mozilla/5.0 \(Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64\ AppleWebKit/537.36 \(KHTML, like Gecko\ Content Type: application/json Accept: */* Origin: http://192.168.3.90:3002 Referer: http://192.168.3.90:3002/ Accept Encoding: gzip, deflate, br Connection: keep alive Response:  HTTP/1.1 200 OK date: Thu, 30 Apr 2026 10:42:25 GMT server: uvicorn content length: 12 content type: application/json content type options: nosniff frame options: DENY xss protection: 1; mode=block referrer policy: strict origin when cross origin permissions policy: camera=\(\\\ strict transport security: max age=31536000; includeSubDomains content security policy: default src 'self'; script src 'self'  unsafe inline ' ' unsafe eval '; style src 'self' ' unsafe inline '; img TestingXperts Pvt Ltd src 'self' data: blob:; font src 'self' data:; connect src 'self'  https://*.supabase.co wss://*.supabase.co; frame ancestors 'none'; access control allow credentials: true access control allow origin: http://192.168.3.90:3002 vary: Origin {"unread":0} Remediation: Ensure that the Content Security Policy does not contain weak policy configurations, or sources  known to host files which can be used to bypass the CSP. Consider the risk associated with  allowing "unsafe inline" and "unsafe eval" policies Unrestricted Cross Origin Resource Sharing \(CORS\ Vulnerability Information: The application server does not restrict the acceptable domain\(s\wed to make cross origin  requests. Exploit Description: An attack, with MiTM \(Man the Middle\access, could inject malicious requests that would  then be served to the client. Severity Description: Any malicious payload injected via this attack vector would appear to be delivered directly from  the trusted site. Vulnerability Severity: Informational Category: Configuration Instance1: https://irsyepgmxsjwgpnzowvn.supabase.co/auth/v1/token?grant_type=passwor Proof Concept: Provided is the  screenshot which demonstrates an insecure Cross Origin Resource Sharing  \(CORS\configuration, where overly permissive CORS headers allow unauthorized cross origin  access to application resources TestingXperts Pvt Ltd creenshot Remediation: The Access Control Allow Origin header should be restricted to allow only acceptable/trusted domain\(s\ TestingXperts Pvt Ltd TestingXperts Methodology Software Application Security Testing \(SAST\ and Software Composition Analysis \(SCA\is  conducted to observe the application code in a run time environment and to simulate real world  attack scenarios. Automated testing can identify design flaws, evaluate e nvironmental  conditions, compound multiple lower risk flaws into higher risk vulnerabilities, and determine if  identified flaws affect the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of the application. Objectives: The stated objectives of a SAST and SCA are Perform testing, using proprietary and/or public tools, to determine whether it is possible  for an attacker to: exploit vulnerabilities Score vulnerabilities using the Common Vulnerability Scoring System \(CVSS v3. Provide tactical recommendations to address security issues of immediate consequence Provide strategic recommendations to enhance security by leveraging industry best  practices Attack vectors In order to achieve the stated objectives, the following tests are performed as part of the  automated and manual vulnerability assessment and penetration testing, when applicable to the  platforms and technologies in use: Cross Site Scripting \(XSS\ SQL Injection Command Injection Cross Site Request Forgery \(CSRF\ Authentication/Authorization Bypass Session Management testing, e.g. token analysis, session expiration, and logout  effectiveness Account Management testing, e.g. password strength, password reset, account lockout,  etc. TestingXperts Pvt Ltd Directory Traversal Response Splitting Stack/Heap Overflows Format String Attacks Cookie Analysis Server Side Includes Injection Remote File Inclusion LDAP Injection XPATH Injection Internationalization attacks Denial of Service testing at the application layer only AJAX Endpoint Analysis Web Services Endpoint Analysis HTTP Method Analysis SSL Certificate and Cipher Strength Analysis Forced Browsing Risk Rating Methodology TestingXperts  uses a CVSS V 3.1 calculator to determine the severity of the identified  vulnerabilities We take into account the attack complexity, attack vector, level of privileges, user  interaction and the impact on Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability of the application to  determine the severity of the vulnerability. The CVSS assessment measures three areas of concern: Base Metrics for  qualities intrinsic to a vulnerability Temporal Metrics for characteristics that evolve over the lifetime of vulnerability Environmental Metrics for vulnerabilities that depend on an implementation or  environment Along with the CVSS score we provide Risk Rating for the vulnerabilities as well, the Risk Rating  is TestingXperts recommended prioritization for addressing findings. Based on the severity of the vulnerability, they are assigned below ratings: CVSS Severity Rating CVSS Score Critical 9.0  10.0 High 7.0  8.9 Medium 4.0  6.9 Low 0.1  3.9 Informational 0.0 TestingXperts Pvt Ltd Overall Risk Overall risk reflects TestingXperts estimation of the risk that a finding poses to the target system  or systems have. It takes into account the impact of the finding, the difficulty of exploitation, and  any other relevant factors. Critical Implies an immediate, easily accessible threat of total compromise. High Implies an immediate threat of system compromise, or an easily accessible threat  of large scale breach. Medium A difficult to exploit threat of large scale breach, or easy compromise of a small  portion of the application. Low Implies a relatively minor threat to the application. Informational No immediate threat to the application. May provide suggestions for  application improvement, functional issues with the application, or conditions that could  later lead to an exploitable finding. Impact Impact reflects the effects that successful exploitation upon the target system or systems. It takes  into account potential losses of confidentiality, integrity and availability, as well as potential  reputational losses. High Attackers can read or modify all data in a system, execute arbitrary code on the  system, or escalate their privileges to superuser level. Medium Attackers can read or modify some unauthorized data on a system, deny access  to that system, or gain significant internal technical information. Low Attackers can gain small amounts of unauthorized information or slightly degrade  system performance. May have a negative public perception of security. Exploitability Exploitability reflects the ease with which attackers may exploit a finding. It takes into account  the level of access required, availability of exploitation information, requirements relating to  social engineering, race conditions, brute forcing, etc, and other impediments to exploitation. High Attackers can unilaterally exploit the finding without special permissions or  significant roadblocks. Medium Attackers would need to leverage a third party, gain non public information,  exploit a race condition, already have privileged access, or otherwise overcome moderate hurdles in  order to exploit the finding. Low Exploitation requires implausible social engineering, a difficult race condition,  guessing difficult to guess data, or is otherwise unlikely. TestingXperts Pvt Ltd Category TestingXperts categorizes findings based on the security area to which those findings belong. This  can help organizations identify gaps in secure development, deployment, patching, etc Authorization Related to authorization of users, and assessment of rights. Auditing and Logging Related to auditing of actions, or logging of problems. Authentication Related to the identification of users. Configuration Related to security configurations of servers, devices, or software. Cryptography Related to mathematical protections for data. Data Exposure Related to unintended exposure of sensitive information. Input Validation Related to improper reliance on the structure or values of data. Denial of Service Related to causing system failure. Error Reporting Related to the reporting of error conditions in a secure fashion. Patching Related to keeping software up to date. Session Management Related to the session management schema implemented in the  application. Timing Related to race conditions, locking, or order of operations. Business Logic Bypass Related to bypassing the business logic implemented by the  application. Client Side Attack Related to execution of the code on the client, typically natively  within a web browser or browser plugin Conclusion It has been observed that the application is vulnerable to publicly known attacks. We  recommend mitigating the high risk vulnerabilities on priority, followed by medium risk  vulnerabilities, low risk vulnerabilities and then informational vulnerabilities.  Additionally, a full  cycle of security testing must be carried out periodically or before a major release of the  application.
